Text editors: add a note about masking (#5637)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxNumberBox/1 Configuration/format.md

- Object    
Full format configuration. The object structure is shown in the [format](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/format '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/') API section.

[note]

> - With this property specified, a press on the minus sign (-) inverts the current value instead of entering "-".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When this property is specified, a press on the minus sign (-) inverts the current value instead of entering "-".
```
